Update Contribution Guide (#2801)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!_wiki_Contribution_Guide/en.md

## Editing online or locally

Here, you have two choices:

- [GitHub Web Interface](/wiki/owcg/GitHub_Web_Interface) - edit online; this is best for single article edits
- [GitHub Desktop](/wiki/owcg/GitHub_Desktop) - edit locally; this is best for single and/or multi article edits (this includes uploading, deleting, and moving images or files)

> **Also, be sure to put your local changes in a new branch. Putting your changes in the master branch of your fork and making a pull request with it is an anti-PR.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general gist is to use meaningful commit messages and use branches to keep your changes separate from your master branch. A new branch from master should be used when making changes to different articles or when making a new one.
```
